Update batch-upload-endpoint.md (#1989)
nuxeo/doc.nuxeo.com-content: src/nxdoc/nuxeo-server/rest-api/rest-api-endpoints/batch-upload-endpoint.md

This handshake phase is mandatory to acquire a server-side generated batch ID to be used in subsequent requests as part of the REST resource path.

```
POST http://NUXEO_SERVER/nuxeo/api/v1/upload/new/default
```

> This request initializes a new batch associated with the `default` handler and returns a 201 CREATED status code with the following JSON data:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This request initializes a new batch associated with the `default` handler and returns a 200 OK status code with the following JSON data:
```

Author: Good catch on the 200 response.

```javascript

> {"provider": providerId, "fileEntries": [], "batchId": batchId}

Reviewer: I think we should replace `providerId` by `default` as the example is on the `default` handler + add the same sentence & response in the _Using a Different Upload Handler_ paragraph by replacing `default` to `providerId` or `providerName` in the URL and the response.

Author: Agreed, sample response should be:
{"provider": "default", "fileEntries": [], "batchId": batchId}
Good suggestion on adding this sentence (with providerId) in the other section.

> {"provider": providerId, "fileEntries": [], "batchId": batchId}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{"provider": "default", "fileEntries": [], "batchId": batchId}
```
